README.md, before:

## ⚠️ Only Shopify Partners team approved icons may be reviewed/merged ⚠️
Please read more on [shopify.dev/apps/payments](https://shopify.dev/apps/payments) and/or reach out on the [developer forums](https://community.shopify.com/c/App-Partner-Platform/ct-p/appdev).

# Payment Icons

[![Build Status](https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)

Payment Icons is a simple Ruby on Rails engine extracted from Shopify. Shopify supports multiple payment methods through gems like Active Merchant and Offsite Payments. This has lead to an accumulation of icons for various payment methods. This gem provides easy access to those icons and helpful methods to integrate them into any Ruby on Rails app.

## Usage

### From Git
You can check out the latest source from git:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons.git
```

### From RubyGems

Run `gem install payment_icons` in your console.

If you'd like to add it to your existing Rails project, include `gem 'payment_icons'` in your Gemfile and run `bundle install`.

Once the gem is part of your Rails project, the PaymentIcon [frozen record](https://github.com/byroot/frozen_record) model will be available anywhere in your application. You also have access to all the [icons](https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons/tree/master/app/assets/images/payment_icons) with the path `app/assets/images/payment_icons/<icon_name.svg>`.

For example:

```erb
<% PaymentIcon.credit_cards.each do |card| %>
  <div>
    <%= image_tag card.path %>
  </div>
<% end %>
```
## Contributing

For information on adding or updating payment icons, see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

### Releases

This information is for project maintainers:

Requirements
- Ruby version: >= 2.5.0
- Bundler 2.0.2 (`gem install bundler:2.0.2`)

Any updates that add new icons, or change the style of existing ones, are to be considered patches (i.e. `v1.0.X`).

To create a new release:
- `git checkout master` to get back to master branch
- `git fetch --tags --force` to refresh tags
- `git pull origin master` to pull latest changes to your local environment
- Change version in `lib/payment_icons/version.rb`. Normally a patch version bump is enough. Otherwise, see https://semver.org/.
- Run `bundle install`, which should update the `Gemfile.lock` `payment_icons` version
- Commit the changes: `git commit -m 'Bump to <version>'`
- `git tag -a v<version>`
  - If prompted, make a comment about this version bump. i.e. "Adds icons X and Y"
- `git push --tags origin master`
- Contact a maintainer in Shopify to release the new version via ShipIt.

Once deployed via ShipIt, you will see a new release at https://rubygems.org/gems/payment_icons

Commit message:

Update the README to use bump
Co-authored-by: Luna Tao <69812776+lunataoo@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

## ⚠️ Only Shopify Partners team approved icons may be reviewed/merged ⚠️
Please read more on [shopify.dev/apps/payments](https://shopify.dev/apps/payments) and/or reach out on the [developer forums](https://community.shopify.com/c/App-Partner-Platform/ct-p/appdev).

# Payment Icons

[![Build Status](https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)

Payment Icons is a simple Ruby on Rails engine extracted from Shopify. Shopify supports multiple payment methods through gems like Active Merchant and Offsite Payments. This has lead to an accumulation of icons for various payment methods. This gem provides easy access to those icons and helpful methods to integrate them into any Ruby on Rails app.

## Usage

### From Git
You can check out the latest source from git:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons.git
```

### From RubyGems

Run `gem install payment_icons` in your console.

If you'd like to add it to your existing Rails project, include `gem 'payment_icons'` in your Gemfile and run `bundle install`.

Once the gem is part of your Rails project, the PaymentIcon [frozen record](https://github.com/byroot/frozen_record) model will be available anywhere in your application. You also have access to all the [icons](https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons/tree/master/app/assets/images/payment_icons) with the path `app/assets/images/payment_icons/<icon_name.svg>`.

For example:

```erb
<% PaymentIcon.credit_cards.each do |card| %>
  <div>
    <%= image_tag card.path %>
  </div>
<% end %>
```
## Contributing

For information on adding or updating payment icons, see our [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/activemerchant/payment_icons/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

### Releases

This information is for project maintainers:

Requirements
- Ruby version: >= 2.5.0
- Bundler 2.0.2 (`gem install bundler:2.0.2`)

Any updates that add new icons, or change the style of existing ones, are to be considered patches (i.e. `v1.0.X`).

To create a new release:
- `git checkout master` to get back to master branch
- `git fetch --tags --force` to refresh tags
- `git pull origin master` to pull latest changes to your local environment
- Run `bump patch --tag --tag-prefix v --commit-message release`. This will create a new commit that includes a version bump and a new tag.
- `git push --tags origin master`
- Contact a maintainer in Shopify to release the new version via ShipIt.

Once deployed via ShipIt, you will see a new release at https://rubygems.org/gems/payment_icons
